[Autogenerated] Let's recap some of the key takeaways from this module.
The first is a consumer driven contracts.
Testing helps filled a micro services testing gap.
Specifically,
her grants is a performance in isolation of mocking Bow without
the possibility of false positives in our tests.
It works by defining agreed interactions between
consumers and providers via contracts.
These contracts are then continually tacit against on the consumer On provider,
Side said, our local builds will always fail if a breaking a P I changes made.
The technique also takes t d D to the architectural level.
As a consumer's tests drive the implementation off to
providers AP I contract Listen, shores only what is required is implemented.
House guarantee Services conf unction together and
also gives regression coverage.
The outcome of this pattern is that micro services
truly do become independently,
testable and deployable as contract tests are usually enough to verify that
they function together correctly with their collaborators.
In the next module will be introducing spring cloud contract on
using it with the consumer driven contracts Testing technique to implement a micro service based architecture